"---\ntitle: \"How to roll over your existing super through MyGov\"\nslug: how-to-roll-over-your-existing-super-through-mygov\ndate: 2020-07-30T01:39:21Z\ncategory: Rolling over\n---\n\nIf you have super with another fund and you would like to move this money to Future Super, here’s how to do it:\n\n1.  Head to the [MyGov](https://my.gov.au/LoginServices/main/login) and log in.\n2.  Open the Australian Taxation Office page under _Your Linked Services_ (If you haven’t linked your ATO account then you’ll need to do this first). \n3.  Click on the _Super_ tab, select _Manage_ and then select _Transfer super_.\n4.  A list of your funds including ATO held super with their last reported balances\\* will show up. Select the accounts you’d like to transfer from and the account you’d like to transfer to (i.e. from ABC super to Future Super)\n\n_\\* There will be an 'as at' or 'effective' date for the balance shown. In a lot of cases, it will be 30 June 2019 as funds are only required to report to the ATO once a year. This means your actual account balance may have changed since it was last reported to the ATO, and may be higher or lower than shown on ATO online. Performing a rollover using MyGov will transfer the actual full balance in the account as at the date of rollover request._\n\nPlease note that rolling a full balance over to Future Super will close your other super account and cancel any insurance that you hold through this account.\n\nWe’ll take care of the rest! We usually receive rollovers in 3–7 business days and we will send you a confirmation email as soon as we do. The processing time to roll over ATO held super varies and is subject to the ATO’s timeframes.\n"